Add the APS video (#497)
akeneo/pim-helpcenter: content/md/connectivity/how-to-connect-my-pim.md

In the PIM, there is a concept that will help you connect any third party you might think of, to boost the powers of your PIM. It is called the `Connections`. :tada:

Want to know more? Ellen is going to give you some pointers on what this amazing feature is about.

<iframe width="100%" height="470" style="margin-right: 0; margin-left: 0;" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/ado5f4HkTTc" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

> Also, to get a complete definition of what connections are, [here you go](what-is-a-connection.html)!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also, to get a complete definition of what connections are, [take a look here](what-is-a-connection.html)!
```
